
Hello,
Nice to meet you.

We're a fast-growing outsourcing company [IDG](Innovation Development Group).
Our company have grown up from just two of us in a garage into 2 million dollars company withover 30+ employees.
The biggest secret is we only tried to hire talented elites although they don't have any successful track records and reviews.
As the group is growing, we need more jobs so we paid attention on remote job sites.
There we got very good experience and also convinced that this can be work great.
And now most of our colleagues use at least 2  accounts, his own one and other one that UK, US, AU accounts provided.

So we are looking for Job Site Account Providers.
Job Sites are like Upwork, Freelancer, PeoplePerHour, Fiverr, ..., etc.

-	If you don’t have an Account you and I will create a new account with your info together.
-	If you have an Account with your info already you need to share the email/pass and login info with us.
-	We should login and use your Upwork account on a computer placed in your home,
 because Upwork tracks the user’s local IP address. 
We can access and control the computer placed in your home remotely by using Anydesk program. 
You can download and install it by visiting https://anydesk.com/
-	Some later since we start proposing the jobs on your Upwork account Upwork support team will require Video/ID verification.
-	If your spoken English and English listening skills are good you will do face to face call with the Upwork agency. 
If not, we will simply upload your selfie to the Upwork platform.
-	You also need to upload your ID or Passport and Billing Document belonging to 6 months from when we do the Upwork verification.
-	We also need to create a Paypal account with your info and connect a Card with the Paypal account. 
It’s for billing and withdraw on your Upwork account.
If you are interested in joining us as an Upwork account provider contact me on skype.

We will discuss more about the payment for your service, etc. on Skype.


My skype id: live:.cid.a80c6c3ad6dda1a6

Thank you.

