Hello

We are looking for a complete discovery brief. The main concerns are listed below for scope. This does not mean we are uninterested in all other aspects of the discovery phase report but that the list below is our priority.

You should need about 10-15 hour time limit in a 1-week time limit to create a discovery document by considering both options (App and Website). It should cover the main three topics in this discovery phase research document:

1. Possibilities of Developing an App
2. Possibilities of Developing a website
3. Conclusion/ Suggestions



Based on conclusion, taking into consideration possibilities of Developing an App,

1. Competition Analysis ( a few best competitor apps names, what are they offering)
2. Wireframes of possible app
3. Market Research (Possibilities of the success and failure of this app)
4. Available technologies can be used
5. Budget Estimate (Based on Indian web agencies and US-based web agencies)


Or,


2. Possibilities of Developing a Website



1. Competition Analysis
2. Sitemap
3. Main required features
4. Wireframes example
5. Technologies Can be used
6. Budget Estimate based on the technology to be used



Conclusions & suggestions
Based on your experience you will include your suggestions.



We are looking for someone who can create this complete discovery phase analysis for 4 to 5 app/web ideas that we have. These are to be implemented for a UK-based registered charity startup. Based on this report we seek to make informed and educated decisions as to which to pursue into build and in what order and facet. This will be an ongoing project for all 4 to 5 concepts. We can only provide a short written document explaining the idea that we seek to develop once the discovery stage is over.



Please provide pricing for the first discovery project and another for the entire discovery phase of 4 to 5 ideas taking into account the same procedure for each. Also, please provide duration estimate and all other inclusions that will be placed into this document.



Thank you
Ali

James Hogan 9:05 PM
Hey

do you prefer Indian developers?

if so, we don't need to even discuss anything.

I'm a senior professional and have high experiences

what I can provide to clients is the high quality result not the small limit budget.

anyway if you really have a mind to make your project high quality,
then touch me plz

Ali Horriyat 9:12 PM
hello
I find it quiet offensive that you would suggest that because someone is Indian that they cannot be high quality! I remind you that the CEOs of some of the largest tech organizations in the world are Indian. They are certainly not freelancing on Upwork or such sites!
Thank you for the candid response but discrimination, prejudice, and bias are exactly the problems we are tackling at our charity and it would be hypocritical to continue with people of your mentality.

and for measure, your English is not "high quality" because in your last sentence you should say: ..., then please get in touch with me." your wording of touch me plz is incorrect English so please check your online translator.

have a good day sir