James Hogan 5:06 AM
Hi!
I'm pretty sure I'm the most suitable candidate than anyone else you'll meet for met.
I've got high experiences with wide range web techs.
And most important point is I work for not only project itself, but also client's success.



As you can see in my profile, I'm a professional in the literal sense of the word.



I'm sure I can help you perfect enough.
This can be a good opportunity for both you and me because we can work together for further more.



Let's hop a call to discuss details.
Best regard.
James

View details
Rafael Abellan 5:06 AM
Hi James,



Thanks for your message. Do you have any idea of how long it would take to get this application running and how much it would cost in total?



Cheers,
Rafael

James Hogan 5:12 AM
Hi Rafael!

Deadline is 1 month or so.

And as you can see in my proposal, My hourly rate is $50.

Rafael Abellan 5:16 AM
I saw your hourly rate, but I have no idea how many hours you need to put into this project. That's why I'm asking, just to make sure I can afford the total cost.

James Hogan 5:18 AM
What's your total budget?
I can do this job satisfactorily.
I want not only money but also good relationship with you.
I wish we can work further more time.

James Hogan 5:26 AM
Hi? are you there?

If you have a figma design, I can do faster.
Exactly, your project is not small, but once I start my work, I'm very passionate on it.
So I can provide you high quality and speed also.

James Hogan 5:43 AM
This is my approximate technical offer.

Techincal offer.docx 
Techincal offer
.docx
19.93 kB
Rafael Abellan 5:45 AM
I'm not worried about how long it's gonna take. I just want it to solve my problem, have an attractive design and be something I can afford.

James Hogan 5:46 AM
Cool.

Then I can pay attention on more quality.

Rafael Abellan 5:46 AM
Saw your Technical Offer! Thanks!

So, 5 weeks working full time on this project, you think?

Just for me to think about an estimated cost

Let's say, 5 days/week, 8 hours/day

Is that correct?

James Hogan 5:48 AM
Yes, It's correct.

Rafael Abellan 5:48 AM
$480/day

5 weeks = 25 days

$12,000 total

?

James Hogan 5:49 AM
Yes.

OK

Please let me know your opinion without hesitation.

Rafael Abellan 5:50 AM
Ok, cool! It's much more than I thought, but I want it to be a great application.

Let me think about it, and I can get back to you tomorrow.

James Hogan 5:51 AM
This will be our first collaboration.
I can work with you within your budget.

Rafael Abellan 5:52 AM
I'll talk to my partner as well.

Tomorrow I'll let you know what we've decided.

James Hogan 5:52 AM
Sure no problem.

Rafael Abellan 5:52 AM
Cheers mate!

James Hogan 5:52 AM
you too bro.

BTW what is your $kyp or TG?

I am always open in there for you.